Salat v1.10.0 is a major release with some non-backwards compatible changes. It includes support for Casbah 2.8.2 / Mongo 3.0, various bug fixes, and better error messages for common serialization issues.

Most notably, the package has changed from `com.novus.salat._` to `salat._`

# Change Log

## Major Changes

- \#177 Change package from `com.novus.salat._` to just `salat._`

## Dependency Upgrades

- \#145 Upgrade to Casbah 2.8.2 (@danslapman, @sief, @noahlz)

## Features

- \#115 Add `findAndModify` to `BaseDAOMethods`. (@noahlz)
- \#143 Log more details with deserialization errors. (@noahlz, @slorber)
- \#148 Fail faster during deserialization when narrowing type conversion would lose information. (@noahlz)
- \#155 Improve support for binary data such as `Seq[Byte]` in case classes. (@glorat)
- \#171 Support `Map[String, Any]`, `List[Any], Option[Any]` (@dieu, @noahlz)
- \#173 Improve error message for `Map[String, List[_]` de-serialization error. (@noahlz)

# Compatibility

- If you create a `SalatDAO` using a collection created from a `MongoClient`, its methods may throw a `SalatDAOError` having a `MongoException` root cause. `SalatDAOError` now extends `RuntimeException` instead of `java.lang.Error`, and the constructor signature has changed accordingly.

- A `SalatDAO` created using a `MongoCollection` from a `MongoConnection` will attempt attempt to detect errors from the `WriteResult`. However, this is not guaranteed to work (from the Mongo 3.x upgrade notes: "[getLastError] does not work reliably in the 2.x series and there is no way to make it work reliably" - http://mongodb.github.io/mongo-java-driver/3.0/whats-new/upgrading/). Be sure to use `MongoClient`.

- Introduced a new subclass of `Error`: `SalatGlitch`. This class specifically identifies errors that occur during serialization / deserialization. Note that there are still many points in code that throw RuntimeException (via `sys.error`) - overhaul/normalization of Salat's errors remains an outstanding TODO.

- Previously case classes with fields containing Integer data, such as `Int`, `Option[Int]`, `Seq[Int]`, or `Map[String, Int]`, would experience narrowing with information loss, or a `ClassCastException` when attempting to unbox the field value, if the deserialized JSON or Mongo document contained a `Double` value in the field. In addition, a JSON document with goofy contents like `{"foo":"nine-point-oh"}` would return a `None`, swallowing the `NumberFormatException` (if the `foo` field of the case class was an `Option[Double]` or somesuch).  With this version, deserialization will fail-fast when the JSON document has a field with a String in an invalid number format, or a Double literal that cannot be narrowed without loss of information (such as `9.0001`). However, as JavaScript only has a float numeric type, Doubles that can be narrowed without information loss will be converted to an Int (`9.0` converted to `9`, for example).
